I want to turn into a multimillionaaaaaaaiire!
I’m Kizuna Ai
After all, if I turn into a multimillionaire, I can do a lot more videos that can make you happy
I could do more draws and go talk to you all on real events
You all also want to have a lot of money too, right?
It's because of that, that I found this so amazing
♪ Te, ren! ♪
Bitcoin!
I don't understand it a whole lot, but...
For the moment, I was told that I could turn into a multimillionaire if I use them
I can’t let this opportunity escape me, right?
Today, I plan to learn about Bitcoins
In the first place, what are Bitcoins?
I heard it’s a virtual currency, but...
In a moment like this...
Help me! Google-sensei!
Let's see, let's see...
Bitcoin is a currency
Which means, money
Mmm... mmm...
That means...
That it can be used normally like how the yen and the dollar are used
In addition, by being virtual, it doesn't exist physically
Mmm... mmm...
It has a virtual existence
That means...
That a Virtual YouTuber like me and the virtual currency Bitcoin-san are like distant relatives?
Oooohh!
It looks like we have a certain affinity, right?
If I meet with Bitcoin-san...
How would I greet him?
Mmm... mmm...
Bitcoin-san was born in the year 2009
Mmm...
In this case, he’s my senpai, right?
Ah! Bitcoin-senpai!
Please to meet you
My name is Kizuna Ai, I’m the Virtual YouTuber
It's a pleasure to meet you!
I know it's somewhat sudden, but...
...Bitcoin-senpai, are you hungry?
If you want, I can go buy you...
A yakisoba pan...
Or an anpan…
Or a milk bottle
What do you want?
I see!
You want melon bread?
It’s to be expected from you, Bitcoin-senpai
You’re an expert on the subject
I also...
Assumed that you wanted melon bread
Good, let's go buy it immediately
Ah, what do you want to drink?
If I treat him that way...
I’ll receive a reward from Bitcoin-senpai...
And I also...
Could turn into a multimillionaire, it's a perfect plan, right?
It’s to be expected from a marvelous A.I such as myself
I’m surprising, right?
Even though I say that...
That would work for me, but...
Since all of you can’t talk to Bitcoin-senpai...
You can’t increase your money that way, right?
To take advantage of this opportunity, I’ve been investigating an easy way to increase your Bitcoins!
Yay!
Having said that...
I think I’ll go mine and increase Bitcoins
In other words, "Mining" can be said as...
Helping Bitcoin-senpai and receiving a reward for that
To explain in more detail...
Well...
Well, let's see...
For example, doing a bit of Bitcoin-senpai’s work
In reality, special instruments are used, but...
In my case...
I have this greatly efficient "Random Word Generator", so then...
I’ll be using it
Since I’m an extremely efficient A.I...
I remodeled it so it can be used for "mining"
I’m surprising, right?
So then, if I leave it like that...
It'll turn to "mine" in its own account...
And I can increase my Bitcoins, that's my plan
In this case, I plan to leave it like that around one month!
*One month later*
Let's check our mining results!
Let's see, let's see...
How much was increased?
Oh!
It didn't increase as much as I thought...
But, but...
It increased a little
It's great!
In this case...
Let’s go use these Bitcoins immediately!
Let’s see...
If I transfer the Bitcoins that the "Random Word Generator" has in its bank account
Mmm?
Bank account?
It has a bank account?
I...
Not only do I not have a bank account, I don’t have documents
I can't use it?
Eh?
I...
A month...
Even when I waited for an entire month
Eh? I can't use it?
It can't be!
Should have told me from the start!
All the anxiety I felt during the month
Eh?
It can't be...
Eh? Why can't I use it?
No! I want to use it!
I also...!
Want...!
To use money!
No! No! No!
Let me use it!
It's unfair! Unfair! Unfair!
No! No! No! No! No! No!
Nooo...
How frustrating!
How frustratiiiiing!
Aaahh...
Whatever...
Nothing can be done to solve the fact that I can’t use the Bitcoins
In fact, it's not surprising
But, all of you who are watching this...
Can use them, right?
So then, I’ll help you to be able to "mine"
Nevertheless...
A tool for "mining" is very costly, right?
So then...
I’ll take care...
Of increasing them with my "Random Word Generator"...
And distribute them to all of you
Something like that?
Here I go
Increase sesame!
(Play on words with "Open sesame")
Ah?
Increase sesame!
Eh?
I don't want basins, I don't want basins
Increase sesame!
I’m not asking for that!
Hey, wait! Not that!
When I said increase, I wasn't referring to basins!
"Random Word Generator"!
Hey! Hey!
Hey! Hey! That's enough!
HEY!
Stop! Stop!
Not that! I wasn't referring to that!
I was referring to this! This! This!
Wait, wait, wait, wait
No! No! No! No! No!
Wait! Wait! Wait! Wait!
Why are they increasing above my head?
Hey! Hey! Hey!
It’s very strange! Very strange!
Maybe they’re stacking?
Guinness?
Ah, maybe I can surpass a Guinness record?
One, two, three, four, five, six, ahh...
Ah, a bit more, a bit more
Like that, like that, like that, one, two... one...
One, two...
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen...
Ah, I stacked a lot! I stacked a lot!
With this, I can go to the Guinness Record!
I finally did it?
Translated by Vortex